Updates for 3.1.0-M2 milestone (#195)
jakartaee/validation-tck: README.md

!# Jakarta Validation TCK
*Version: 3.1.0 - 24-01-2024*

This repository contains the Jakarta Validation 3.1
[TCK](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technology_Compatibility_Kit).

## Build from Source

You can build the TCK from source by cloning the git repository https://github.com/jakartaee/validation-tck

> You will also need a [JDK](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html) 17 and

Reviewer: This should probably be updated to an Adoptium link like in the maven readme
```suggestion
You will also need a [JDK](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/) 17 and
```

Author: Fixed.
